Welcome back.
Let's now go over the solution for that simple dashboard exercise.
OK so let's start off with the imports.
Hopefully by now these feel pretty natural to you.
First off import dash.
And then also import Dasch core components as DCC.
And in case we need to use them also import dash H.T. and other components as HTL.
And we'll be using both of these H.M. for the div. and DCC for that graph object.
Then in order to actually create that scatterplot let's import plot the graph objects as go and we'll
import pandas as PD in order to actually read in that dataset.
So then we're going to read in that dataset.
So we'll say DMF is equal to PD read cxxviii and this is going to be inside that data folder we have
the old faithful files old faithful that's ESV.
And then we can launch the application.
So basically that's just saying app is equal to dash dot dash.
So we have that ready to go.
We actually created the data frame so I'll delete that line and then we want to create that Daschle
that contains that graph component.
So for this we'll say app lay out.
So that's the application that we just created and we'll set this equal to an H Tim L div and then inside
of this we have a list and inside that list from Dasch core components we call that graph component.
And inside this graph component metry spell that right.
We have two parameters.
We give it an ID.
This is just a name.
Later on we'll see how to better use it so we can just really give it whatever string you want and then
more importantly we have the figure parameter.
So the figure parameter that's that dictionary that's going to take in a call to data and a call to
lay out.
So let's set that up.
We'll start off with our data so doing this over multiple lines to try to keep it organized data that's
the same plot Lead Data List that we saw before.
So inside of this list we say go scatter and then we're going to say x is equal to.
And in this case it's just lined up the same way.
So X and Y here are the actual names of those columns.
So you can say x is equal to f x and then we'll say Y is equal to DSF Y and then we'll set mode equal
to marker's.
So we have that nice scatterplot then for the LEO we're going to set up a similar thing will say Go
pasan a LEO object here and in this case it's up to you how much detail you want to go into but I'll
just give it a title.
Old Faithful lips.
There we go and we'll say eruptions as the title.
So Old Faithful we were options and you can give things like give it an x axis or y axis parameters.
We do that in the solution but it's really up to you as far as how much detail you want to go in the
layout and you've heard me say that multiple times.
OK so best thing to realize here is recreate that div that's elist there inside that list we have this
graph component it's that we have the ID parameter and the figure parameter that figure parameter is
the dictionary that takes in a data that's that lists for the party and the layout and then that's the
go that layout once you have that you should be able to at the bottom just say if name is equal to mean
we take the app and we run the server off of it.
So let's say this and check if it runs correctly and we'll do any debugging that we have to do in case
we get any errors.
We'll say Python basic apply.
Enter let me expand on this.
Looks like it's running so let me go to my browser and check that you are working.
All right there we have it.
We have old faithful eruptions and our dashboard is working know those here I don't have an x axis title
or Y-axis title.
You can add those yourself.
All quickly show you how you could do that.
In case you're interested in.
But basically you've already accomplished the main purpose of this dashboard which is show the Old Faithful
eruptions.
So let's go back and add in those x axis and y axis title and finish up the solutions video.
So coming back here to go lay out we have this title parameter where we can always add is x axis as
well as the x axis equal to and inside of this we pass in a dictionary where we can say title and for
the x axis that was the duration of the eruption and then we'll also give a y axis parameter and this
Waks parameter same thing title.
But remember Y-axis that was the interval OK.
So you can save that and we can check on the browser again to see if it got updated.
So if you run that again you can check out in your browser and see those x titles as well as the y axis
titles or.
That's the basics of your first simple dashboard.
Hopefully now you feel comfortable being able to create the HTML div create that graph component create
that the parameter the figure parameter and then insert a data or layout into that figure dictionary.
If you have any questions feel free to post the Q&A forums and we can help you out there.
We'll see you at the next lecture.